In this project, you will implement a client and a server
which use TCP to transmit a file from the server to the client.
Both the client and the server will run on the course VM
ient.
{\em cisc450.cis.udel.edu},
r will run on the course VM
ient.
but they should be written in such a way that they could
ient.
conceivably be run on any two hosts, not necessarily the same.

For convenience, both the hostname and the server
y the same.

port number may be hardcoded into both client and server,
me.

but this should be done in such a way that they should
,
me.

be easy to change.
one in such a way that they should
,
me.


 easy to change.
one in such a way that they should
,
me.

The server starts by waiting for a connection request from the client. %printinÿ
he server starts by waiting for a connection request from the client. %printinÿ
e server starts by waiting for a connection request from the client. %printinÿThe client starts by prompting the user to enter 
st from the client. %printinÿ%the hostname and port number for the server. 
 
st from the client. %printinÿ%It then prompts the user to enter
e server. 
 
st from the client. %printinÿthe name of the file to be transferred. The client then sends a connection
tinÿrequest to the server.  After the connection is established, the client sends aÿ
equest to the server.  After the connection is established, the client sends aÿfilename to the server. The server reads the file and sends it to the client inÿ
ilename to the server. The server reads the file and sends it to the client inÿa series of packets as described below. The client receives the file and storesÿ
 series of packets as described below. The client receives the file and storesÿit with the name {\em out.txt}.
below. The client receives the file and storesÿWhen the file transfer is complete, both the client 
eives the file and storesÿand the server terminate execution.
oth the client 
eives the file and storesÿ